hi everyone in today's video I'm going
to show you a feature of Mac OS Yosemite
called Mission Control basically what it
does it allows you to have several
desktops why do you need to use this
while most people who are on laptops
like to be able to switch between views
so that they're able to for example read
an email on one desktop while they have
a Photoshop retouching on another
because if you try to do that all on one
screen it would be too cumbersome so as
you could see on the screen I have the
Mission Control system preference open
which is basically an assistant
preference called trackpad so we're
gonna go ahead and try out this mission
control and again if you want to get
here you simply go to Apple System
Preferences and you select the trackpad
preference which is here and then you
should be in more dressers and click on
Michigan control now this checkbox has
to be on in order for it to work so just
check and make sure it's on then you
have an option of swiping with three
fingers or four fingers I'm going to
swipe with three so as you can see when
you're in Mission Control you swipe
three fingers upward when I do that on
my screen as you can see I have several
different desktops one is called the
dashboard one is called the desktop
which is the one I'm actually on this
one I actually have Photoshop open that
I'm retouching it this one I have email
this one I have a website opened this
one I'm updating an application and this
one I have TextEdit opening so how do I
see the differences well if I click on
the Photoshop one here as you can see
I'm actually in a full-screen of
Photoshop I'm gonna swipe up with my
three fingers and now I'm going to
switch to the dashboard and I have that
as well now I'm going to swipe up three
again and this time I'm going to click
on the main screen here so I'm back and
I'm gonna swipe four fingers across from
left to right and this allows me to
switch between the screens now I'm using
four fingers swiping
right to left because for each one I'm
able to do it so that's real can be very
convenient when you want to write an
email on one read a blog switch back and
never really have to resize your window
so you can do multiple things at
multiple times well how do you set all
of this up as you can see when I swipe
up I have about one two three four five
six desktops well let's take a look what
would happen if I do if I highlight this
particular desktop and I click this plus
sign as you can see it now appears down
here let's do the same with this one now
it appears there if I swipe up again and
I go to desktop one you'll see that all
of them are now showing up on my main
desktop and look how cluttered it is so
now I'm going to swipe up and I'm going
to take this window and drag it to this
plus sign in the right-hand side you
don't see that so clearly until you drag
up there and that will create another
desktop so making an X moves it to the
main desktop one taking the entire
desktop the window and dragging it to
the plus sign will give me those
desktops once I have that I am now able
to swipe through to many different
desktops to work on and that's how to
use Mission Control it's pretty simple
easy to use and it can really help
organize your work
hope you enjoyed listening like the
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe
for more Mac tips every week thanks for
listening